Every account in Stellar maintains a sequence number, bumped a single time whenever a transaction is submitted with it as the source. This gives ownership and sequence to every transaction and ensures only one thing can originate from an account per ledger. It’s worth noting that transactions can be “successfully” submitted to the network but ultimately fail validation. These transactions will consume a sequence even while the desired outcome was not achieved. (e.g. submitting a transaction for a 100 XLM payment when your account only has 99 XLM available to send)

There’s a fun little operational feature in Stellar called the `Bump Sequence` operation which allows you to “skip ahead” into the future with an account’s sequence number. Valid sequence numbers are always the account’s current sequence number + 1 so in order for a transaction in question to be valid its source account’s sequence number must be exactly +1 of whatever it currently is. This fact allows you to configure future transaction scenarios by building multiple transactions with future sequence number(s) and then use the bump sequence operation to choose which scenario you wish to be valid. So if your current sequence is 0 you could build two transactions for the future. One with a sequence of 5 and the other with a sequence of 10. You can now choose in the future to bump the account’s sequence to either 4 or 9 to select which scenario you would like to allow. By choosing 4 you allow for a possible future where 10 is also submittable and by choosing 9 you effectively make 5 impossible to ever execute. 

By combining this with pre-authorized transactions you can accomplish some pretty interesting though rudimentary smart contract scenarios.

Your task is to create and submit a transaction with a fee bump increasing the sequence arbitrarily forward (Be careful! There is a max sequence number for accounts which will entirely lock out your account from ever being a valid transaction source account) and then to submit a second transaction starting from the new bumped to number.