Every account item held in storage on chain requires staking some XLM. These staked resources are referred to as account sub entries. Examples of sub entries would be things like additional signers, manage data attributes, and pending offers. Even the account itself stakes 2 sub entries for its existence on-chain

This staking mechanic serves as an effective spam deterrent to ensure the chain stays on course; however it does create some sticky situations where user accounts now need to effectively lock up XLM whenever they’re engaging on the network. This is a significant downside and barrier to entry for traditional B2C use cases where it would be preferable to obfuscate blockchain fees away from the user directly.

This can be accomplished via the begin and end sponsoring future reserves operations and then controlled via the revoke sponsorship operation.

The process of staking XLM for sub entries is handled automatically for you as you just go about your business of submitting operations. In order then to sponsor these reserves for an account on some other account you simple need to “wrap” operations with a begin and end sponsoring future reserves operation “sandwich”. So when building an atomic transaction you might begin the operations array at index 0 with a begin sponsoring future reserves pointing to the account you are covering the reserves for and then include one or more operations which would actually result in some sub entry staking, like creating an offer, configuring some manage data entries or even creating a new account. Once you’re finished with your sponsorships you simply include a closing end sponsoring future reserves operation to close the sponsorship. Note the source for this close must be the account being sponsored. (You can’t sponsor a reserve for an account with their “permission”)

Upon successful submission you’ll notice the sponsored account hasn’t increased at all in it’s sub entries count while the sponsoring account has. Note you won’t be able to merge away either account now until those sub entries are cleared or transferred.

Sponsorship transfer happens via the revoke account sponsorship operation. This one can be a little tricky but if you reason about what exactly it’s doing it’s actually relatively simple. With this op you are effectively moving sub entry sponsorship from one account to another. This then will often also need to happen inside a begin and end sponsoring future reserves sandwich as at no time can the sub entries exist in an unsponsored state. The only case you wouldn’t need this wrap would be in the case you are transferring the sponsorship back to the source account itself in which case by default a revocation will assume the sponsorship is reverting back to the origin account.

To pass this quest your challenge is to create your quest account as a 0 balance account whose sub entry is sponsored by some other account.