Payments and offers are two great ways to get value transferred on Stellar but there is yet a third method in the form of Claimable Balances.

Claimable Balances aim to solve the age old problem of trustlines needing to be opened before a non-XLM payment can be made between two users. Also known as two part payments, claimable balances offer an option for effectively staking a specific amount of an asset on-chain for a counter party to claim at their own convenience.

Reasonably then there are two operations contained within Claimable Balances. Create claimable balance and claim claimable balance.

# Create Claimable Balance
The first obvious operation we’ll use is the createClaimableBalance op which will allow us to configure an asset we wish to lock up for one or more “Claimaints” to be able to claim under a specific set of “Predicates” or conditions.

## Asset
Your first option is to select which asset you wish to lock up. Nothing fancy here, just ensure you have the asset and the balance you wish to lock up and be aware once you create a claimable balance, unless you’ve added yourself as a Claimant, you’ll lose access to these funds forever, similar to a classic payment.

## Amount
How much of the Asset are you looking to lock up in the claimable balance?

## Claimants
One of the fanciest pants the claimable balance feature holds in its armoire is its ability to list multiple Claimants or recipients as the destination for the asset balance. In fact you can list up to 10 destinations. Along with the actual destination address you will configure a Predicate or condition under which that address could claim the balance. Currently there are only two Predicates to choose from. Unconditional, which just means the Claimant address could claim at any time for any reason and a Time based Conditional with qualifiers like AND, OR and NOT to allow for some useful scenarios like no claiming until after {time}, only claiming until {time}, only claimable between {time_a} and {time_b}.

Be careful configuring your Conditional Predicates, practice to ensure you’ve got what your expecting before pushing anything live, these can be a little tricky to reason about but once you understand the logic flow it should get easier to get it right on the first try.

Another important note is that a claimable balance can only be claimed once. So if you have 10 Claimants setup, whoever claims it first will receive the entire balance and the claimable balance will be removed from the network such that none of the other claimants would be able to claim it. 

### Destination
The destination address which has permission to lay claim of this balance (should the Predicate conditions be satisfied)

### Predicate
The conditions under which the Destination address may successfully lay claim of this balance. Should you choose Conditional a few more options open up for you to configure your specific scenario. They’re all time based and orient around Relative or Absolute times.

# Claim Claimable Balance
The next obvious task is to attempt to claim our freshly submitted claimable balance. The operation for this is the claimClaimableBalance operation and it only has one unique parameter. Easy right? Yes! Well actually no - kinda. The tricky part is what is the claimable balance id? It’s not returned with the response to the transaction submission above so there will an extra set via the /claimable_balances endpoint where you search for the claimable balance id off some search criteria, such as the claimant address.

## Claimable Balance ID
Once you’ve found a claimable balance id you can use it in the claimClaimableBalance operation in order to attempt to claim it.

---

To wrap it all up then your final task, with everything explained, is to create and claim a claimable balance with at least one Claimant where the Predicate conditions are such that the Claimant is blocked from claiming the balance for exactly 5 minutes after the successful creation of the claimable balance.
